Search or enter website dialog heading
level 1 dialogs must announce themselves
as a dialog or pop up and not trap the
user.
Open dialog button.
close Select your favorite letter heading
level.
Select a NATO Phonetic letter None pop up
button.
Double tap to activate.
Select a NATO phonetic letter None pop up
button None Picker Item Adjust picker
item Adjust picker item adjustable One of
five Bravo picker height toolbar Done.
Done.
Select a NATO phonetic letter Select your
favorite close button Open dialog.
Select all.